So much to do
And so few hours in our day,
It’s hard to steal away
moments to pray.
But we have got to
find a way to . . .
Make time for Jehovah.
Make him part of your life.
Don’t let life in this world
draw you away.
Make time for Jehovah.
Friends grow close
When words from the heart are shared.
But how can we share
and see that he cares?
How will we know that he’s there
Unless we . . .
Make time for Jehovah.
Make him part of your life.
Don’t let life in this world
draw you away.
Make time for Jehovah.
Make time
To see his hand in our life.
To see ourselves in Paradise.
Let nothing
get in our way.
Make time.
Make the time.
Make time for Jehovah.
Make him part of your life.
Don’t let life in this world
draw you away.
Make time for Jehovah.
Make time.